all of us today
that's right pickle
the fulness advisement I cannot
okay guys
okay guys please
one side right foot
please conclude not working the life are
Oh
like that
think you're president to
professionalize little lady
don't step over the line I took a vote
for people cause I think there's a nice
totem pole over there they're taking job
thank you
what you're inside idea behind well then
everyone spit it again
we didn't get the idea behind the
collector
the bar without me
to our pool system again
you
[Applause]
in such a meeting place of light and
shadow purity and freedom to the need of
constant vigilance and protection our
legacy of Liberty is our youth I
couldn't see my comment on some of the
more they have certain knowledge in
baseball is one spirit are annoyed when
we had a group to prepare this I didn't
even ask
as with every other consider him was it
Thomas Mann once all that a man lives
not only is more true than in Berlin
where each moment of everyday life
and I'm sort inspired by Titusville
Osama amenity collective immediately
multi-speed from the nature penis and
the reason i'm hyped emote report on
these tires
my fellow countryman military and
civilian quattro fighters agreement on
valiantly but externally that was
possible five years ago these
achievements reflects a realistic
approach can be made even while basic
differences remain if we need to
question most after the coroner both
start by the presentation without
putting my all you do the FBI review
[Applause]
to continue to expected service and full
implementation and all aspects of this
course including those which parts of
our recipe and go in on the developments
maples aware organize have learned that
a healthy military balance is a
necessity yesterday the other NATO Heads
of Government and I agreed that it is
essential in this affordab instance in
the under the beguiling Chester now to
our forces our forces were eaten with
the people to Berlin for us the American
presence in Berlin as long as it is
needed is one the other side of the wall
but we do extend a challenge a new
Berlin initiative to the leaders of the
Soviet bloc Union as we proposed last
year to it ready to forego all of our
ground-launched cruise missiles and
Pershing to missiles
Americans are optimists but we are also
realists we're a peaceful people and
we're not a week or gullible people so
we look at hope for the Soviet Union's
response but we expect poverty is about
working to reduce tensions in other
parts of the world as they have been
able to do here in Berlin peace it has
been said the long-term prospects for
peace
it's all yeah
and that figure I guess
[Applause]
[Music]
black and white is better flavor and
color lookup
[Music]
[Applause]
hi-yah
[Music]
Oh
[Applause]
[Music]
less often
it is rooted in Versailles alone in
London in Berlin content on about the
Internet's and on desperation so I get
the conference because you have a pair
chamois reconnaissance Adama by syphilis
American spy her feel my own daughter
here in one when exact I president the
harm on civilian on via president harm
his birth that we hear pipe on him so a
fighter
Academy haven't
violet even mention Leah of disabilities
Atlantic listener concern we define as
commoning and clots Emmaus custom mines
on the moon in presidenta dynasty
started on America's active Krishna
offers in all the crystals B grandma
evil
I'm sure Cyril and logical in diesel
let's turn the matter from the
absorption a malama snortin that we are
the under and investor and these
occasions European American operation
in the GDR when I say we're delighted
and but also with the people the
populations of these countries is very
important
it means Agri tours of Europe are our
shores and that granting you mr.
president
now at the end of long term yeah I do
not mean to thank you for mr. president
and that is what you call the girl and
initiative
Chancellor Schmidt
against your Excellencies here in the
platform and you ladies and gentlemen
but our short visits to Bonn and Berlin
in Berlin this morning I looked across
that tragic wall and saw the grim
consequent on the western side of that
city the purpose of my trip to Bonn was
to consult both with leaders of the
German government and our colleagues
from other nations both aspects of the
visit of Italy met them head-on and
discovered that as always what unites us
is much deeper and more meaningful than
any differences which might exist we
leave with renewed optimism about the
future of the Western world
we also leave with a very warm feeling
about the people of bond Berlin and the
Federal Republic diploma ship for us has
been an especially moving experience
Nancy and I are personally very touched
by your hospitality we know however that
this greeting was meant not only for us
but for the entire American people
these trips these meetings have been art
of opportunity and peace
[Applause]
vonda's Kanzler feminist excellent
I'd bet
take them right to the airplane now
we're going inside
[Applause]
come on over not over
hey hey gotta gave that on a farm
come on come on come on come on come on
thank you
they probably have been through the
magnetometer that day oh my god I can't
already come back out again if you have
no time for shopping what time do we
leave
yeah take a couple synthetic Bakula and
it's melted